add ut for IsControllerEnabled and update configure-controllers.md (#1785)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/configure-controllers.md

--controllers=cluster,clusterStatus,binding,xxx
```

> E.g. Disable some controllers and keep other default controllers turned on:

Reviewer: Fell good to me, /cc @RainbowMango @hanweisen

Reviewer 2: Enable/Disable controller a bit counterintuitive, with this UT will save much time for new users

Reviewer 3: Wow, I just realized that is me who made the mistake. Sorry for that.

> E.g. Disable some controllers and keep other default controllers turned on:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
E.g. Disable some controllers(remember to keep `*` if you want to keep the rest controllers in the default list):
```
How about this?

Author: lgtm

Reviewer 3: great! then please add this to your commit. And we are ready to go.

Author: completed. @RainbowMango
